On the evening of Thursday 16th April, Mad (my wife) became aware that she hadn't felt our baby move for a few hours. She was almost 40 weeks pregnant - and the pregnancy had, up to this point, been completely trouble-free. We went into the Royal London, where they scanned her immediately and told us that our daughter had died in utero.

After a few hours to process, we decided to induce labour. Mad was absolutely incredible - I will never forget how strong she was. But by Saturday morning, she had been fully dilated for several hours and was starting to seem unwell. We decided the safest thing was to complete the delivery in theatre under general anaesthetic.

Noa (our daughter) was delivered around 2pm on Saturday 18th April. The delivery itself was straightforward, but it quickly became obvious in theatre how much Mad's condition had deteriorated. She had sepsis, plancental abruption and a rare disorder called Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation, which prevented her blood from clotting. She started to bleed heavily. Over a couple of hours, she lost nine litres of blood - around twice as much as she would normally have in her body at any one time.

She would certainly have died if she hadn't been supported by extensive blood transfusions - or if she hadn't been in the care of an excellent and experienced team of clinicians. Even with sufficient blood on hand, the situation was very serious. She was transferred from the operating theatre to the Intensive Treatment Unit, where she remained in a medically-induced coma for several days. She has since been steadily recovering, getting a bit better (almost) every day. She should be able to make a full recovery.

So many people have offered their help over the last few weeks. We are very grateful and will definitely need you over the months to come, if not right now. But I thought that we should offer a practical outlet for that love and support. So I've created this website to encourage people to give blood, and to track the blood that has been donated in support of Mad and in memory of Noa. For those of you who cannot give blood (or who are feeling particularly generous), I've also set up a GoFundMe with appropriate charities to support.

We will mourn our daughter for the rest of our lives. But I will also never forget that I came within an inch of losing both my daughter *and* my wife - something that I know I would never have recovered from. So I will be forever grateful to everyone who donated the blood that saved Mad's life. And, if you are able, I would truly appreciate it if you would take the time to do the same, so that others can benefit from the life-saving medical care that they need.
